I voted 400 kilos to which we are stuck and of course but their trains this much
is a completely amazing animal and they were a bull was it
it behaves almost as if it were a dog almost almost like a pet
annual
is in hand the Sudan eave its owner the person who has created it since
that he was small that he has breast-fed him with a bottle,
the fact that he becomes a great friend of his and has been docile
abandonment
the class photo
Thursday
of course and look because this is unheard of where you have seen that a
bravo bull let himself be caressed by a stranger as in this case I am
They were also dressed and I am going to show you one thing and that is that if I go little by little
vidal bolaño can not do it nobody said almost nobody I'm going to place
between your pythons and I'm
completely quiet because I know that the fandi on the other hand
it was not well seen that someone could be placed among the bull's pythons that
does not expect to have arrived with 49 abandoned that is a model in addition
Look also for those who have not told us what they hope to contribute next to their
couple what will I do something
complaints I've seen him do
to jesulín de ubrique necessary I wanted to repeat that it is
I'm going to use the NGO for example, you can see how it moves away, of course, this is
an incredible animal hand
that is, a tournament is left wanting to be easy to win
zea was booed every couple
this advance has been tired but not manolo in any case billboard much of the
been the fandi the sea of ​​exiles the tide magistrate
and it is an exceptional animal and they do not leave every year they were
in that northern city of
of various single-core
a lot of money
they accuse him of inclusion
we not only find
they have already died that a mother was left without her
the one of the others the laziness now of removed ahead the law
and this beauty in the grateful manjar that when the woman now historical
Well, we are going to go for a walk if you think of Christina with the bread
have accessed our already see that yes they are pet had
put is an idea like any other truth agents of
Come on, let me go
come on page
eagerness of elche sci
the young man had just spoken before appearing before
the tie and four defeats general state